#779 add hint that timing is just proposal (#837)
isaqb-org/curriculum-foundation: docs/00-preamble/04-structure-timing-didactics.adoc

|===

> Die Summe der empfohlenen Zeiten (1080 Minuten bzw. 18 Stunden) entspricht bereits der Netto-Lehrzeit einer dreitägigen Schulung (3 Tage à 4 × 90 Minuten) — ein Realitätscheck: Pausen, Diskussionen, Wiederholungen und Pufferzeiten sind darin nicht enthalten und müssen von Schulungsanbietern zusätzlich eingeplant werden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Die Summe der empfohlenen Zeiten (1080 Minuten bzw. 18 Stunden) entspricht bereits der Netto-Lehrzeit einer dreitägigen Schulung (3 Tage à 4 × 90 Minuten).
Pausen, über Curriculum-Inhalte hinausgehende Diskussionen und Pufferzeiten sind darin nicht enthalten und müssen von Schulungsanbietern zusätzlich eingeplant werden.
```
- Avoid typical LLM wording patterns that don't even sound German.
- Discussions about curricuum content is inside the time bounds

| Total | 1080

|===

> The sum of recommended durations (1080 minutes, or 18 hours) already equals the net teaching time of a three-day course (3 days of 4 × 90-minute sessions) — a reality check: breaks, discussion, recap, and buffer time are not included and must be planned for separately by training providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sum of recommended durations (1080 minutes, or 18 hours) already equals the net teaching time of a three-day course (3 days of 4 × 90-minute sessions). Breaks, discussions beyond the scope of the curriculum, and buffer time are not included and must be planned for separately by training providers.
```
repetitions about curriculum topics are fine IMO
